README.md, before:

# Pascal Simplified Compiler

### Features (in order of implementation)
- [x] Lexical Analysis
- [x] Syntatic Analysis
- [x] Addition / Subtraction
- [x] Multiplication / Division
- [x] Comments
- [x] Syntatic Errors
- [x] Parenthesis
- [x] Unary Operators
- [x] Abstract Syntax Tree
- [x] Program Flow
- [x] Keywords
- [x] Variables
- [x] Symbol Table
- [x] Print
- [x] Boolean Operators
- [x] Conditional Statements
- [x] Loops
- [ ] Read
- [x] Variable Declaration
- [x] Types
- [ ] Type checking
- [x] Semantic Errors
- [ ] Functions
- [ ] Function Arguments
- [ ] Variable Scopes
- [ ] Assembler

### EBNF
An EBNF (<b>E</b>xtended <b>B</b>ackus-<b>N</b>aur <b>F</b>orm) is a sequence of statements describing a [Context-Free Grammar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Context-free_grammar). It is used to represent a formal language or programming language and as the name sugests, is an extension to the original [BNF (<b>B</b>ackus-<b>N</b>aur <b>F</b>orm)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form).
###### Reference: [Extended Backus-Naur Form on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extended_Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form)

Below is the EBNF for this compiler:
```ebnf
program = "program", identifier, ";", block, ".";
block = [varblock], [funcblock], statements;
var_declaration = identifier, {",", identifier}, ":", type;
varblock = "var", var_declaration, {";", var_declaration};
funcblock = "function", identifier, "(", {var_declaration}, ")", ":", type, ";", block;
statements = "begin", statement, {";", statement}, [";"], "end";
statement = attribution | statements | print | if | while;
if = "if", expression, "then", statement, ["else", statement];
while = "while", expression, "do", statement;
attribution = identifier, ":=", expression | read;
read = "read", "(", ")";
print = "print", "(", expression, ")";
simple_expression = term, {("+" | "-" | "or"), term};
expression = simple_expression, {("<" | ">" | "="), simple_expression};
term = factor, {("*", "/", "and"), factor};
factor = ({"+" | "-" | "not"}, factor) | number | ("(", expression, ")") | identifier;
identifier = letter, {letter | digit | "_" };
number = digit, {digit};
letter = a .. z | A .. Z;
digit = 0 .. 9;
type = "bool" | "integer";
```

Commit message:

Update features; Add section Syntactic Diagram

README.md, after:

# Pascal Simplified Compiler

### Features
###### Features marked with "!" are currently being implemented
- [x] Lexical Analysis
- [x] Syntactic Analysis
- [x] Addition / Subtraction
- [x] Multiplication / Division
- [x] Comments
- [x] Syntatic Errors
- [x] Parenthesis
- [x] Unary Operators
- [x] Abstract Syntax Tree
- [x] Program Flow
- [x] Keywords
- [x] Variables
- [x] Symbol Table
- [x] Print
- [x] Boolean Operators
- [x] Conditional Statements
- [x] Loops
- [ ] Read !
- [x] Variable Declaration
- [x] Types
- [ ] Type checking !
- [x] Semantic Errors
- [ ] Functions !
- [ ] Function Arguments !
- [ ] Variable Scopes !
- [ ] Assembler

### EBNF
An [EBNF (<b>E</b>xtended <b>B</b>ackus-<b>N</b>aur <b>F</b>orm)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extended_Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form) is a sequence of statements describing a [Context-Free Grammar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Context-free_grammar). It is used to represent a formal language or programming language and, as the name sugests, is an extension to the original [BNF (<b>B</b>ackus-<b>N</b>aur <b>F</b>orm)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form).

Below is the EBNF for this compiler:
```ebnf
program = "program", identifier, ";", block, ".";
block = [varblock], [funcblock], statements;
var_declaration = identifier, {",", identifier}, ":", type;
varblock = "var", var_declaration, {";", var_declaration};
funcblock = "function", identifier, "(", {var_declaration}, ")", ":", type, ";", block;
statements = "begin", statement, {";", statement}, [";"], "end";
statement = attribution | statements | print | if | while;
if = "if", expression, "then", statement, ["else", statement];
while = "while", expression, "do", statement;
attribution = identifier, ":=", expression | read;
read = "read", "(", ")";
print = "print", "(", expression, ")";
simple_expression = term, {("+" | "-" | "or"), term};
expression = simple_expression, {("<" | ">" | "="), simple_expression};
term = factor, {("*", "/", "and"), factor};
factor = ({"+" | "-" | "not"}, factor) | number | ("(", expression, ")") | identifier;
identifier = letter, {letter | digit | "_" };
number = digit, {digit};
letter = a .. z | A .. Z;
digit = 0 .. 9;
type = "bool" | "integer";
```

### Syntactic Diagram
The syntactic diagram is a visual representation of the EBNF, describing the algorithm used by the compiler. If you pay close attention to the code, you will se the similarities between the diagram and the algorithm. Below is the syntactic diagram for this compiler:

<p align="center">(under construction)</p>
